Your home has been seen through by me
What else do you want to fight with me?
I don't believe you can come up with 100 million
If you take it out, I'll give you the faucet stick.
Bei Xuan, don't mess around
You can't mess around on this occasion
Don't worry, Mei Yi
Why don't you bring the faucet stick to others?
I don't believe you have 100 million
I want a box of capital verification
Test mine
Your card has been frozen.
Just swipe my card.
Your card has also been frozen.
Hahaha
Come to me without a penny to get rich?
Come on, come on
This woman is the boss of Mei Group
This is his little white face
The two of them came to me to blow up the auction
Take a clear picture of them for me.
Send it online.
I'm going to disgrace these two
It's over, it's a shame
This kid is too hard